# Example Projects for Jaynes

In this folder, we provide a collection of example configurations. Each example sits
within its own folder. To run, follow the instruction in the README in that example
project.

```
➜  tree 01_ssh_docker_configuration 

01_ssh_docker_configuration
├── figures
│   └── jaynes-output-ssh.png
├── README.md
├── launch_entry.py
└── jaynes.yml

1 directory, 4 files
```
## Reporting Issues (on the [Jaynes Repo/issues](https://github.com/geyang/jaynes/issues))

Let's collect all issues on the [main `jaynes` repo's issue page](https://github.com/geyang/jaynes/issues), so that
people can search for things more easily!

## How to Debug

To debug a launch script, set `verbose` to `true` in the yaml file, so that you get
to see the raw script generated by `jaynes`. You can often copy and paste this script
in the EC2 instance you just uploaded, or on the SLURM cluster to see the error messages.

Steps:
1. turn on verbose mode, by setting `verbose=True` in the jaynes call
  ```python
  jaynes.config(verbose=True)
  ```
  or 
  ```yaml
  #! .jaynes.yml
  verbose: true
  runner:
  - ....
  ```
  
2. launch
  ```python
  jaynes.run(train_fn)
  # if in SLURM or SSH mode:
  jaynes.listen()  # to listen to the stdout/stderr pipe-back
  ```
  
3. **debug** Suppose you have an error message. You can copy and paste the script ran
by `jaynes`, that is printed out in the console either locally or on the EC2 instance
you just launched to debug the specifics of it.

4. **Share with Lab mates** When you are done, you can share this repo with others
who use the same infrastructure, so that they can run their code there too.

## Table of Contents

1. [**SSH Docker Configuration**](01_ssh_docker_configuration)
2. [**EC2 Docker Configuration**](02_ec2_docker_configuration)
3. [**Multiple SSH Reacheable Machines**](03_multiple_ssh_reacheable_machines)
4. [**SLRUM-SRUN Configuration**](04_slurm_configuration)
5. [**Advanced Multi-mode Example**](05_muti-mode_advanced_config)

## Call for Contributors

Machine Learning infrastructure is an evolving problem, and would take
the rest of the community to maintain, adopt and standardize.

Below are a few areas that current stands in need to contributions:

- [**Documentation on Configuration Schema** issue #2](issues/2)
- [**GCE Support** issue #3](issues/3)
- [**Pure SSH Host Support** issue #4](issues/4)
- [**SLURM SBatch Support** issue #5](issues/5)
- [**SLURM Singularity Support** issue #6](issues/6)


